Standard Suite	Common classes and commands for all applications.
open v : Open a document.
open file or list of file : The file(s) to be opened.
→ file or list of file : The opened document(s).
close v : Close a document.
close specifier : the document(s) or window(s) to close.
quit v : Quit the application.
quit
count v : Return the number of elements of a particular class within an object.
count specifier : The objects to be counted.
→ integer : The count.
delete v : Delete an object.
delete specifier : The object(s) to delete.
duplicate v : Copy an object.
duplicate list of specifier : The object(s) to copy.
[to location specifier] : The location for the new copy or copies.
→ list of specifier : The duplicated objects.
exists v : Verify that an object exists.
exists any : The object(s) to check.
→ boolean : Did the object(s) exist?
make v : Create a new object.
make
new type : The class of the new object.
[at location specifier] : The location at which to insert the object.
[with data any] : The initial contents of the object.
[with properties record] : The initial values for properties of the object.
→ specifier : The new object.
move v : Move an object to a new location.
move list of specifier : The object(s) to move.
to location specifier : The new location for the object(s).
→ list of specifier : The moved objects.
select v : Select the specified object(s)
select specifier : the object to select
edit v : Edit the specified object(s)
edit specifier : the object to select
application n [see also Keyboard Maestro Suite] : The application's top-level scripting object.
elements
contains windows.
properties
name (text, r/o) : The name of the application.
frontmost (boolean, r/o) : Is this the active application?
version (text, r/o) : The version number of the application.
selection (list of specifier) : the selection in the macro editor
responds to
open, print, quit, setMacroEnable, importMacros, deleteMacro, deleteMacroGroup, editMacro, selectedMacros, selectAction, reload, show preference pane, geturl.
window n : A window.
elements
contained by application.
properties
name (text, r/o) : The title of the window.
id (integer, r/o) : The unique identifier of the window.
index (integer) : The index of the window, ordered front to back.
bounds (rectangle) : The bounding rectangle of the window.
closeable (boolean, r/o) : Does the window have a close button?
miniaturizable (boolean, r/o) : Does the window have a minimize button?
miniaturized (boolean) : Is the window minimized right now?
resizable (boolean, r/o) : Can the window be resized?
visible (boolean) : Is the window visible right now?
zoomable (boolean, r/o) : Does the window have a zoom button?
zoomed (boolean) : Is the window zoomed right now?
editing (boolean) : Is the editor window editing right now?
divider1 (integer) : Position of divider 1
divider2 (integer) : Position of divider 2
responds to
close.
Keyboard Maestro Suite	Terms specific to Keyboard Maestro.
application n [inh. application; see also Standard Suite] : Keyboard Maestro application class.
elements
contains macro groups, smart groups, macros.
properties
global macro group (macro group, r/o) : the global macro group
disabled group holder (disabled macro group holder, r/o) : the disabled macro group holder
selected macro groups (list of specifier) : the selected macro groups / smart groups in the macro editor
selected macros (list of specifier) : the selected macros in the macro editor
macro group n : A macro group.
elements
contains macros; contained by application.
properties
id (text, r/o) : The unique identifier.
name (text) : the macro group's name
selected (boolean, r/o) : is the macro group selected?
creation date (date, r/o) : the date on which the macro group was created
modification date (date, r/o) : the date on which the macro was modified
size (integer, r/o) : the approximate storage size of the macro group
enabled (boolean) : is the macro group enabled?
disabled on this Mac (boolean) : is the macro group disabled on this Mac?
available application xml (text) : the available application XML
available window xml (text) : the available window XML
activation xml (text) : the activation XML
display in menu bar xml (text) : the display in menu bar XML
xml (text, r/o) : the XML of the macro group and its contents
group xml (text, r/o) : the XML of just the macro group
responds to
select, edit.
smart group n : A smart group.
elements
contained by application.
properties
id (text, r/o) : The unique identifier.
selected (boolean, r/o) : is the smart group selected?
name (text) : the smart group's name
creation date (date, r/o) : the date on which the smart group was created.
modification date (date, r/o) : the date on which the macro was modified
search strings (list of text) : The search strings
xml (text, r/o) : the XML of the smart group
responds to
select, edit.
disabled macro group holder n : The disabled macro group holder
properties
id (text, r/o) : The unique identifier.
name (text, r/o) : the disabled macro group holder's name
selected (boolean, r/o) : is the disabled macro group holder selected?
responds to
select.
macro n : A macro.
elements
contains triggers, actions; contained by application, macro groups.
properties
id (text, r/o) : The unique identifier.
selected (boolean, r/o) : is the macro selected?
name (text) : the macro's name
macro group (macro group, r/o) : the containing macro group
enabled (boolean) : is the macro enabled?
creation date (date, r/o) : the date on which the macro was created
modification date (date, r/o) : the date on which the macro was modified
used date (date, r/o) : the date on which the macro was used
size (integer, r/o) : the approximate storage size of the macro
xml (text, r/o) : the XML of the macro
responds to
select, edit.
trigger n : A trigger
elements
contained by macros.
properties
description (text, r/o) : the trigger's description
xml (text) : the trigger XML
action n : An action
elements
contains actions, case entries; contained by macros, actions, case entries, action lists.
properties
id (text, r/o) : The unique identifier.
name (text) : the action's name
enabled (boolean) : is the action enabled?
xml (text) : the action XML
disclosed (boolean) : is the action disclosed?
timeout period (real) : the action's timeout period
timeout aborts (boolean) : does the action abort the macro on timeout
timeout notifies (boolean) : does the action notify on timeout
failure aborts (boolean) : does the action abort the macro on failure
failure notifies (boolean) : does the action notify on failure
notes (text) : the action's notes
color (text) : the action's color
thenactions (action list, r/o) : the then actions
thenactions disclosed (boolean) : are the thenactions disclosed?
elseactions (action list, r/o) : the else actions
elseactions disclosed (boolean) : are the elseactions disclosed?
tryactions (action list, r/o) : the try actions
tryactions disclosed (boolean) : are the tryactions disclosed?
catchactions (action list, r/o) : the catch actions
catchactions disclosed (boolean) : are the catchactions disclosed?
actions disclosed (boolean) : are the actions disclosed?
responds to
select.
case entry n, pl case entries : A case entry
elements
contains actions; contained by actions.
properties
id (text, r/o) : The unique identifier.
xml (text) : the case entry XML
actions disclosed (boolean) : are the actions disclosed?
action list n : An action list
elements
contains actions.
properties
id (text, r/o) : The unique identifier.
xml (text) : the action list XML
setMacroEnable v : Enables or Disabled a Macro Group or Macro by name or UID.
setMacroEnable text : The name or UID of Macro Group or Macro.
enable boolean : enable or disable the Macro Group or Macro.
editMacro v : Start editing a Macro Group or Macro by name or UID.
editMacro text : The name or UID of Macro Group or Macro.
selectedMacros v : Selected Macro Group or Macro UIDs.
selectedMacros
→ list of text : The UID of the selected Macro Group or Macros.
selectAction v : Selected action by UID.
selectAction integer : The UID of the action to select.
importMacros v : Import macros
importMacros any : URL to kmmacros file or the XML of the macros to import
[disabled boolean] : force disable the imported Macros or Macro Groups
deleteMacro v : Delete macro
deleteMacro text : The UID or unique name of the macro to delete
deleteMacroGroup v : Delete macro group
deleteMacroGroup text : The UID or unique name of the macro group to delete
reload v : Reload macros.
reload
show preference pane v : Show Preference Pane
show preference pane text : The name of the Keyboard Maestro preference pane to display
Standard URL Suite	The standard URL suite.
geturl v : Handled the registration URL.
geturl text : the registration URL.
